{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red177\green16\blue61;\red177\green16\blue61;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Landing page:\
\
Hello! I\'92m Jed Segovia, a first year MFA Design & Technology student at Parsons The New School for Design. This site catalogues the phases of my first Major Studio project, and the materials used to make them.\
\
The brief was to choose a fictional city from Italo Calvino\'92s \'93Invisible Cities.\'94 I chose the city of Procopia, where a beautiful countryside is overtaken by an endless sea of people. Each iteration was built from this concept. \
\
Click the photos to read about each iteration.  \
\
\
Iteration 1: \
\
The brief for Iteration 1: 2D only, no technology. Since the story described a countryside slowly filling up with people, I wanted to translate this with an animatic. First I painted a\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  watercolor of a countryside. Over the painting I laid out a series of acetates covered with humanoid figures. Flipping each acetate fills up the image with humanoid figures. The idea is to depict people as a plague.\
\
Iteration 2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 >> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
Iteration 2:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The brief for Iteration 2:\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  3D, no technology. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Riffing off the concept "people are a plague,\'94 I wanted something that felt claustrophobic and uncomfortable. A wearable object immediately came up. I looked at hazmat suits, which are meant to protect wearers from biohazards. The sight of hazmat suits \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 unnerve people because there\'92s a possible danger to them in the area. I created a hazmat suit with smiling faces inside that the wearer would see. The wearer should feel as disturbed as those looking at the wearer.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
<< Iteration 1\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Iteration 3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Iteration 3:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The brief for Iteration 3:\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \'93Product-ize\'94 the concept. How do I make a hazmat suit commercially desirable? For one, if the environment compels people to buy one. Second, if it looks good. I conceived of a luxury gas mask or hazmat mask. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I looked at Maison Margiela's designer masks for inspiration. This is a paper prototype. Unfortunately I didn\'92t have the focus to take step-by-step photos for this project.\
\
<< Iteration 3\
\
Iteration 4 >>\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The brief for Iteration 4:\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Make a digital item. We were to make something in a digital medium, or make an item that interacted with the digital space. Still fixated on the idea of a mask, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I thought of a clear-faced mask with LED lights inside. The idea behind a clear mask was to show the wearer\'92s full face, and the LEDs would illuminate them. I created the mask with a plaster mold. Due to limited knowledge in electronics, I opted to depict the LED lights through an LED rope light. The mask came out wrong and the rope lights didn\'92t work out. This iteration received the poorest reception from our instructor, but I came away with the lesson that I should think more broadly of concepts. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
<< Iteration 3\
\
Click for materials.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}